[Music]
well well well well good evening
as it is current, well danger
danger my
shirt is a little stained and over there at
my sister's maquila who was just
here guys today we have a lot of the PSE
and cough the truth is that I was a little
tired because I was recording videos
for the main channel but the truth
is that we have some CEOs here who are
burning we have to talk about it because they
are burning
so what's going on do you want the PSE or
do you want dogs what do we
do how are you with the
vaccine much better now although it's
literally like that well the truth is that I had
a bit of a so-so time well a bit of
getting together a lot a moment of
retweeting on twitter okay or
we're already live it's happening to Raúl and not
bad fatal the first time I mean the first
day the first
time after two hours I already
got really bad especially because of my thing with
Chrome I got really bad after two hours
and I was there for a couple of days or three pachu
screamed but well not as bad the
second time I got really bad for the
first few hours well the day  I
was here I was here until 2 in the
morning working and nothing quiet cool
but at night it was bedtime and me and
Lorena both dripping with fever
[Music]
awful I had a terrible time I had a terrible night and
the whole next day awful
all day lying down awful awful awful
with the fever especially the head
hit my temple
the truth is that they deserve happiness from
dad they have worked hard the truth is that
we did very well and quite hard
something quite good has come out quite
curious a bit of a son of a [ __ ] little by little
the first years [ __ ] no but okay okay
here we are here we are
thank you very much to puerto super chat okay let's get down
to business
I'm very well very canine very canine in
fact very canine cute listen to me we're going to
tell you today a salsero and it is that Felipe
360 ​​has made a fool of himself again and he
has fought with him chocas
but to understand apparently according to what they
told me in that I haven't seen anything
yet to understand a little the
context we have to first look at a topic
that came to mind the other day which was about
the cancellation it can't be heard okay the
usual  yes yes yes well it's that these
every day okay every day we
start to hear badly the
live will be cut like seven times anyway the
typical no from now on you hear
from now on you hear
hello boomer I'm surprised this the vaccine
is not complete already put in they predict that
next year we will have to review it no
that he's going to put tomato the balls don't
touch your balls well okay valium that
I left the other day something and to
understand the context of today
apparently you have to know that when crash they
canceled it the next day ok so let's get
to the point let's see everything and nothing very
fun and let's see why imprison crash crash
attacks the
ranks again says that he is not there okay this
javi with his son totally her and he
dedicated himself very strong very strong the likud in
there I got nothing many thanks to a
very strong hug him and condemnation and
ocean and line of king and got an eleven of
iq
111 a
lot of fabric a
lot of fabric and I made the tea at night
yesterday I think well since it is
124 maybe 120 peak was but I don't know
how much it was they told me it's very
good no well very
good very good very good [ __ ]
great I have a spectacular IQ and
Javi says with 5 Javi to learn a tablet
on the terrace that charges with the sun
literally
literally it is
known that what a
couple of busy days I am
surprised I am surprised that you mention me I am surprised that you
mention me good
afternoon everyone I am very happy to have you
here thanks for accompanying me one
more day in thank you very much and space for the
five ubs that you have given before I
thank you very much thank you from the bottom of my heart
I was surprised that there are already people mentioning
Mittal telling me that he did comment on the
controversies or such man let's see 'in situ'
I wish I had a topic all morning and I
have about 100 mentions every half hour let's
see you
understand that I do it that I talk about
it or if I saw that it was understanding
objectives but the subject is left to me man I
can't talk about it automatically
I am the Dallas of tweets not because
there are 500 people insulting me  for
now and defending myself makes me
a dallas or something like that that happens no one else
defends themselves from attacks from people
on the internet or that to begin with Dallas
has me blocked on Twitter
has him blocked Chose on Twitter
why
because it will be the only time I'm going to
talk to Chose about Dallas it was good it
was good
someone knows something
send me not because it's superficial and he knows it
finally
imagine the little relationship I have
with that guy
well the strike I can't defend myself in
my own house
then on Twitter no when there is
talk of controversy or people criticizing you who
have to shut you up well if they defend you
rn they are Dallas then it will be known by
then [ __ ]
what it is to be a Dallas in what is what
I was missing is that I
don't have 700 mentions per hour and I
can't answer anything I can't say
anything I'm not Dallas that's why I don't understand anything anymore
I'm not going to talk
too much about the subject but I do want to
try one thing to me it doesn't matter that
people look for me on Twitter and such because I
'm used to it and because they suck my ass  [ __ ] dick bunch
of random [ __ ], that's what I
want you all to be clear about,
especially those of you who have
locked accounts, you are pathetic,
it's the most pathetic thing I've ever seen in my
life,
it's like,
what's the point? And besides the fact that you suck my ass and
your [ __ ] balls, you spend the whole [ __ ]
day on my streams, you watch all my [ __ ]
yachting but then you criticize on the
internet and all that because you're a bunch of
[ __ ], I mean, what happens is that he
sucks me and he's the [ __ ] dick that's the nuance
the nuance is that he sucks me, [ __ ] island for having
seen the [ __ ] strings if you know
how good I am at creating content and
you attack me with nonsense like baba lives off
controversies, it's that I don't talk about
controversies, I almost never talk about current events,
many times what happens is that
sometimes you get into some
controversy and I have to get out of it as
best I can and vice versa, enjoying every
moment, enjoying nothing more, but me,
if you weren't, if he's such an
[ __ ], I wouldn't talk about these issues
because I don't give a damn, I've been
talking  current affairs well all my life
because I like to talk a little about
what's happening in the world before
starting the streams without more of what's
happening in the world of sports what's
happening in the world of tweets what's
happening in the world of youtube
content creation and sometimes
social issues or economic issues that concern me
or that interest me
simply been doing it all my
life and I'm not going to stop doing it because
you don't like it suck it could stupid
pamela [ __ ] supports
every time we react something clashes
it's complicated since when the
wolf worries or was worried about the
opinion of the sheep since when since when
the wolf worries about the [ __ ]
opinion of the sheep let's see I ask I ask do you
think you think that you
make a mention of me on twitter with the
flag with the anime logo do you think that it's
going to bother me or do you think that it's going to
reduce the thousands and thousands tens
of thousands of comments that I get
every three or four days through instagram it
behaves to social networks of people
to  ended up happy with my entertainment do
you think that's going to diminish it that you do
n't understand the type of show the type of
entertainment that I make do you think that's going to
diminish it you piece of [ __ ] random it
's a delusion of grandeur that you believe yourself
with that power is a [ __ ] delusion of
grandeur okay and also I'm not going to talk
about any more controversy per se I'm
simply going to comment on one thing that I think
is important okay because the
controversy that is sown and that
everyone has their opinion on what comes out to the balls
well
some power over my stream or over
the behavior of the parian but come on
already tell what has happened it takes
literally and most of
the time it's still four minutes and it
hasn't even started yet what do you think
you're aviol hybrid or rather in this
thing we're almost at minute 10 and
we get to the topic then there are the
[ __ ] of the minutes indicating it
starts at minute 10 the girls already see
the others I say if you like it so much and go or
you like so much to see a play and you like
that they are so polite and so nice and
so humble  well look at them if
I also really like them and they also
seem super humble and super good
god but don't ask us to all be the
same
and obviously I'm tough conflict I'm a
street fight and if you don't want to see that
no don't open twitch don't open my
tweet page you piece of [ __ ] random don't ask me to
be like your idols or like
the people you like I
really like them too and I also like them a lot
but everyone does string how they want
and I swear and from time to time I
curse some
[ __ ] and that's it if you like it fine and
if not it's also not your decision okay okay you
don't ask us to be carbon copies all okay okay you like it go [ __ ] yourself
okay whatever is very clear to you I'm
just going to want to comment on one thing causes the
controversy and all but why am I
not going to talk more about the controversy
because I don't give a [ __ ] each one does whatever
the balls want if you
want to waste your afternoon on twitter you
lose I don't give a [ __ ]
[Music]
what is asking for a  thing I have here
instantly
is to ask for something instantly I fall
is a random next to me you are a [ __ ]
random piece of [ __ ] of
course let's see if I understand this
this was in
2020 in March 2020 the million right now
with 32 thousand vers
well it doesn't seem bad to me
and when I release the live stream it has already
fallen the live stream
ashton has already
fallen the live stream I ca
n't believe it man I ca
n't believe it it
fell today on tweet
my mother my
mother in 11 minutes man
I feel like crying that doesn't
seem like a reason to block someone
literally if I were Dallas I wouldn't be
upset about this let's see it's a meme
okay
of the two beautiful facts of the Simpsons
fighting over a knife and the best one
lying there sleeping
and thinking about dollars not
literally the million when he did the
live stream
[Music]
to the young people money because he did
nothing in eye the live stream of the debate with
Dallas and Renat okay and he did
nothing just take the bills you
understand me then I don't think
this is why the block at least not
I think it's a reason to sue someone healthy but no, I mean I don't think he's messing with Dallas okay if not he would also be messing with Revenant, I mean it's been a month my point okay doesn't mean anything with this offensive m to give it in my opinion
but you're here eating my [ __ ]
stream that's what I like you're
criticizing but sucking he supports me and that
me for eric me for eric are just like
the haters of the crash
nothing
melanie no no they are telling me that I
blocked him that's why they are telling me
that he put that for example but that the
two I say I mean when I have seen the
crash he speaks badly of talking about Dallas it has
been for good in fact he is around here
uploaded these sayings on my secondary channel
when he supports me that yes yes that you
are here then he adds less balls
silly that you are not capable of closing the
stream no that you are going to stay
until he finishes talking like that I like it
silly that's how I like it
a greeting to fort was of course a
greeting to the women
greeting to my for was that they have closed
the email thread  but I have it
downloaded thank goodness we'll see the
fonera check if it's here pending because
the other day I said ok now we have to see
some gossip that was formed in the
fukushima email thread
and they put it in private so they
're still here man
be hooked on my content I
'm going to comment on a serious topic
about the controversy let's see why there's
four minutes left crash you have four
minutes to tell me the topic and it's
the trivialization that you [ __ ]
randoms do it's shitty disgusting with the
bullying issue okay you have me up to my
dick I don't care if you insult me ​​I don't care if you
tell me that my stream is
[ __ ] [ __ ] or that I'm a despot
or that I really am an
[ __ ] or whatever you want I really don't care I don't give
a [ __ ] [ __ ] what
you have to say if not don't
say that what I do is bullying
but no it's not that you don't say it because I
consider it an attack or because you
considered it an attack but because
bullying is something super delicate  I don't know if
in your [ __ ] miserable
shitty life you have you have ever seen what
bullying is if we had ever
experienced it I don't think we would be
capable of trivializing the subject so much
okay I don't know if you have ever experienced
bullying or have seen bullying
or real bullying I don't know if you have
ever seen it unfortunately I have ever
seen it in my life thank
god it wasn't me but I have seen it that
you guys say that a [ __ ] random piece
of [ __ ] comes into my [ __ ] chat tells me
that I'm an [ __ ] a bald guy that I am an I
'm white go outside where
the sun shines on me and that I'm a park I
answered him that he is a [ __ ] [ __ ]
because he made a twitter thread
crying if you call that bullying you
are equating it with people who
hit their classmates you have the clash
that is class you
are equating it with people who
harass children you
are equating it dude it would be abuse
also because they usually harass children
because they are children they usually accuse
people who know of abusing  that
people who know that no, they're not going to defend themselves, that they're
not going to face them, that they're
physically weaker, you
're saying that a 25 year old guy
insulting a 30 year old guy and the two of them
exchanging insults three times is bullying, you
're normalizing it,
[ __ ] on your [ __ ] mother, son of a [ __ ], you
have to be a real son of a [ __ ]
to call that bullying, it's obvious that you
've never experienced it, it's obvious that you don't
know what it is, you son of a [ __ ], it's
totally obvious that you don't know, man,
two guys exchanging insults on the
internet is bullying, you're a total idiot,
what you are is a son of a [ __ ],
that's what you are if you're there
mentioning my tweet saying oh, he's
going to bully again, during your time, you're
a son of a [ __ ],
look, you're trash, but I don't
even wish you to know what
bullying is, totally, because living through that
has to be one of the
most horrible experiences that could happen to you, the whole
neighborhood is going to equate it with me
telling some random guy that he's a
total idiot, be good  people who
suffer bullying kids who suffer
bullying know they have to
go back to school every
day to the Perote institute pretending they
have to go back that they have the
obligation to go back you can't escape from
a place where they treat you badly that
twitter just shuts down and that's it there
's nothing more exact that's
bullying for you you are a son of a
[ __ ] that's what you are
with your [ __ ] flag and with your
anime logo and with your [ __ ] you are a son of a
[ __ ]
trivializing with hyper serious hyper delicate topics
only to try to carry them and to
try to guarantee on topics that are
stupid like me telling a guy
that he's an [ __ ] it's totally
irrelevant to the guy and to me it's
irrelevant it's the part that idiots period
entertainment and period but you in
your tiny little mind are not and are not
even capable of understanding it and you call it
bullying how shameless I [ __ ] on
your [ __ ] mother man I [ __ ] on your [ __ ]
mother I don't
even wish something like that to your family that something like that happens to
yours your cousins
your children  I don't even
wish it on you dude because it must be
horrible but I hope that one day you
realize what real bullying is
and not some guy coming into my [ __ ]
chat and insulting my criticism who is a
son of a [ __ ] who came first to
insult and is responding
so he looks better in front of the camera but
in the end it is a person who
came first to insult you that is
bullying [ __ ] what face you have
totally what face you have I [ __ ] on your [ __ ]
mother man if you
all should be [ __ ] ashamed all of you
who mention me on twitter saying that
yes you should be [ __ ]
ashamed you sons of a [ __ ] I
[ __ ] on god
[ __ ] trash is what I am that is what you
are [ __ ] trash I mean they
cancelled it I mean they cancelled it they
cancelled it from what I
'm understanding because
the extract is about to end I'm having it they
cancelled it because when he put the turkey
who insulted him no and not here either you and
him and what he did on twitter
playing the victim is
already controversial outside I'm not going to talk
anymore  about the subject I simply want you all to
know that you are [ __ ] garbage I just
want you to know that keep saying that it
is bullying exchanging insults on the
internet that is bullying and how little
shame you have how little shame
you have get out of my [ __ ] sight of all you
shitty clowns that you have it
kills my vibe man seeing two dogs
there taking a cool drink with their balls
god is there lying on the ground on the
ground in the park the two of them with the
fan on airing their balls
the two dogs there well
once out part of the way of
expressing yourself and the arrogance and whatever you
want that we are not going to monetize this
deal
for me he is right
in what he said
I am going to say it in another
very similar way in a very similar way
but he has it okay he has it
people on twitter is [ __ ]
[Music]